Give three tips for staying healthy.
What are the three primary colors?
Describe the structure of an atom.
How can we reduce air pollution?
Describe a time when you had to make a difficult decision.
Write a short story in third person narration about a protagonist who has to make an important career decision.
Render a 3D model of a house
How did Julius Caesar die?
What is the capital of France?
Generate a list of ten items a person might need for a camping trip
Discuss the causes of the Great Depression
Explain the use of word embeddings in Natural Language Processing
Describe the function of a computer motherboard
Propose an ethical solution to the problem of data privacy
Generate three verbs that mean the same as "to apologize"
What does DNA stand for?
Compare and contrast the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Vietnam War.
Generate a list of random words.
Who is the world's most famous painter?
Explain the concept of cogging torque.
Look up the boiling point of water.
Describe the life and reign of King Charles II.
Identify the lines of longitude that divides North and South America.
Explain the process of cellular respiration in plants.
Generate a list of adjectives that describe a person as brave.
Outline the consequences of deforestation.
Develop a plan to reduce electricity usage in a home.
Design a logo for a website about recycling.
Generate a poem that expresses joy.
Brainstorm possible solutions to reduce water pollution.
Variable x is defined as “4x + 2y = 10”. Find the value of x.
Explain the concept of artificial intelligence in simple terms.
Design an app for a delivery company.
Generate a poem with 10 lines.
Calculate the total surface area of a cube with a side length of 5 cm.
What is the force on a 1 kg mass due to the gravitational force?
Provide one example for a cultural practice.
Give two examples of a liquid.
What is the product of 6 and 2?
What type of plant is a skunk cabbage?
Name two types of desert biomes.
Generate a list of business ideas for a food delivery service.
Imagine you are speaking with a customer who is unsatisfied with the product they bought from you. Construct a response that diffuses the situation.
Explain the concept of a bubble sort algorithm to a non-technical audience.
Generate a list of methods to reduce food waste.
Propose an idea for a self-driving car.
Explain the concept of a linear regression model using simple language.
Construct a list of tips to help reduce stress.
Generate a list of marketing strategies to promote a new mobile app.
Design a logo for a mobile application.
Generate a list of country names in the western hemisphere.
Explain what an API is.
Compute the area of a rectangle with length 10cm and width 5cm.
Find the capital of Spain.
Design a database to record employee salaries.
Generate a password of 8 characters.
Create a web page about robotics.
What is the most commonly shared type of content on social media?
Generate a list of present continuous verbs.
Think of a phrase or idiom containing the word "sleep".
Find the synonyms of the following word: 'Tenacious'.
Generate a creative birthday wish for a friend.
Compose a five word sentence describing your day.
Search the web and find the title of the longest novel.
Compile a list of 5 US states located in the Mid West.
During the last member meeting, create a list of 5 ideas to improve the club.
Write a simple definition of the word "economics".
Write a function to calculate the factorial of a given number.
Write a function to convert a given string to uppercase.
Calculate the square root of a given number.
Reverse a linked list.
Design an algorithm to find the maximum profit of a stock buy and sell?
Given a binary tree, check if it is a binary search tree?
Calculate the amount of money in a bank account with an initial $100 deposit and an interest rate of 6%, compounded annually
Give me a detailed overview of the framework of a web service.
Create a timeline describing the history of the internet
Create a survey question to measure customer satisfaction
Create a list of 10 different animals
Suggest a good idea for a family photoshoot.
Compose a tweet that addresses the issue of environmental degradation.
Write a short review for the novel "The Catcher in the Rye".
Describe the impact of the coronavirus on the economy.
What geometric shape has 5 sides and 5 angles?
Generate a pitch for a new and original product.
Compose a sonnet about the beauty of nature.
Write a short story about a day in the life of a software engineer.
What's the difference between a virus and a worm?
Explain the concept of the blockchain.
What is the contraction of "they are"?
Create a list of items for a picnic.
Gather some recent data related to the increasing rates of unemployment.
Name two different ways to reduce poverty in a community.
Generate a sentence that follows the structure of: "All ____ is based on/with _____"
Describe the principle of the Law of Supply.
Generate a haiku poem.
Design a logo for a web development company.
Compare cats and dogs.
Name three fruits that are rich in Vitamin C.
Generate the third term in the sequence 2, 5, 9, 14.
What is the purpose of Financial Accounting?
Describe a unique way to cook a steak.
Summarize the advantages of renewable energy.
Suggest a powerful quote.
What is a trade deficit?
Name one benefit of meditation.
Name the three main mountain ranges in the United States.
Provide the lyrics for the song titled “Yesterday”
Provide a brief summary of the novel "Never Let Me Go".
Name something you can do with paper.
Construct a sentence using the phrase "every day".
What type of fruit would be a good addition to a fruit salad?
Describe in a few words what makes a good leader.
Find a rhyming word for the word "river".
What is the scientific name for a beaver?
Convert the following number from base 10 to hexadecimal: 278
Give a definition of "algae".
Name a natural process which occurs in food preservation.
Supply a phrase to complete this proverb: "It's better to be safe than ____."
Give an example of a convergent boundary.
Follow the law of supply and demand, describe what would happen to the price of a good if the demand increased.
Provide an example of an endangered species of animal.
Research about a famous scientist and provide a short biography about him/her.
Explain why the election of Abraham Lincoln was considered a revolutionary moment.
Research Einstein's theory of relativity and provide a brief explanation.
Analyze the historical significance of the Stonewall Uprising.
Create a sentence that employs a figure of speech.
Generate a sentence in Spanish that describes the natural beauty of Barcelona.
Describe the painting "The Great Wave off Kanagawa" by Katsushika Hokusai.
Explain the concept of entropy in thermodynamics.
Provide an example of a non-renewable source of energy.
Describe the major differences between the Catholic and Protestant faiths.
What is the process of photosynthesis and why is it important?
Write a 250 word essay about Coral Reef Conservation
Compose a haiku about cats
What are the important contributions of NASA to space exploration?
Describe the qualities of a good leader
Explain the difference between a personal computer and a server
What is the main purpose of blockchain technology?
Come up with a creative metaphor for smile
What critically acclaimed 2016 movie has a setting of a post-apocalyptic wasteland?
How many bytes are there in a kilobyte?
Generate a creative description of a sunset in the beach.
Suggest a suitable card game for a birthday party with 10 year old kids.
Name three diseases that can be caused by poor hygiene.
Generate a random password of 6 characters in length using only capital letters and numbers.
Explain what is meant by the circle of fifths.
Explain the implications of artificial intelligence in health care.
Write a definition of "photoshop".
List five factors that lead to global warming.
Name 5 invasive species.
What is an AI algorithm?
Explain the term "AI explainability".
Generate a poem about spring.
Write a scientific explanation for why the sky is blue.
List five characteristics of good communication.
Suggest five strategies for self-motivation.
Name five characteristics of a typical resume.
Describe the benefits of using a GPT model.
Given a set of eight numbers (1,2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8), generate a sentence that reflects their order.
Explain why decision trees may be better than linear models for certain problems.
Suggest a sentence that follows "He had never seen a creature so strange,"
Describe the effects of climate change.
Explain why computational models can be used in analysing text.
Create a sentence that ends with an ellipsis.
Explain the difference between HTML and CSS.
Create a new recipe for flavorful noodles
Train a logistic regression model with credit data.
Name four diseases caused by cold temperatures.
Generate a function for calculating the mean of a list.
Write a blog post about how AI is transforming the healthcare industry.
Explain the role of a computer scientist in the modern world.
Describe the importance of renewable energy
Generate a function to sort a list of strings alphabetically
Write a Satire article about the coronavirus pandemic
Create a function to check whether two strings are anagrams.
Explain what is a neural network
Compile a list of five items that would help someone go camping.
Generate a creative name for a restaurant serving Mexican cuisine.
Suggest two marketing strategies for launching a new app.
Explain the concept of a GPT language model.
Generate a slogan for a clothing brand.
Generate an example that illustrates the concept of "artificial intelligence".
Describe the process of account creation for a website.
Suggest two ways to increase the reach of a blog.
Name three natural elements.
Give a brief description of the coronavirus.
Predict the monthly electricity bill of a 1000 square-foot apartment in California.
Generate 10 rhyming words for the word "love".
Explain the concept of binary search.
Name all the elements in the periodic table with symbol C.
Compare the differences between a wooden and plastic baseball bat.
Calculate the area of a right triangle with base length of 5 cm and height of 3 cm.
Identify the continents with the most carnivores.
Explain the difference between a primary and secondary source.
Explain the purpose of hypertext markup language (HTML).
Describe the differences between a substantive and procedural law.
Suggest three methods for recycling paper.
Describe the color pink.
Generate a rate for a driver for a ride sharing app for $5.
Come up with a social media campaign slogan.
Write a tweet about customer service.
Generate a sound effect for a car passing by.
Name a planet from our solar system.
Come up with a creative tagline for a beauty product.
Describe how quantum computers work.
Generate a memorable quote from Albert Einstein.
Transform the following sentence using the past perfect tense: Yesterday they opened the door.
Explain the uses of artificial intelligence.
Describe a scenario in which blockchain technology could be successfully applied.
Complete the following analogy: Loud is to quiet as day is to
Create an example of alliteration.
Classify the following words by their grammatical categories: walk, interesting, quickly
Come up with a riddle
Identify the conjugation of the verb: I will have helped
What is the first rule of storytelling?
Rewrite the sentence into more descriptive form: The food was delicious.
Name 5 emotional states
Create a funny one-liner.
Generate a list of fashion trends for Spring 2021.
What is the impact of deforestation on wildlife?
Explain economics with an example.
Provide me a list of diseases that can be caused by smoking.
What is the difference between machine learning and deep learning?
Describe a typical workday for a barista.
How does the human brain remember information?
How does the internet of things (IoT) work?
Give me an example of a conflict resolution technique.
Identify a programming language suitable for game development.
Make a list of different types of cryptocurrencies.
Derive the mathematical equation for a straight line.
Describe the physical features of a tiger.
Generate ideas for a fiction story.
Describe the Renaissance period.
List 5 items of personal protective equipment.
Construct plumbing diagrams for a two-story house
Compare student debt crisis in the US and Canada.
List the benefits of Amazon Web Services.
Generate a limerick poem about a lemur.
Describe the functions of the Endoplasmic Reticulum.
Summarize the industrial revolution.
Select the correct term for the phrase ‘the art of making things’
Explain the concept of net neutrality.
Brainstorm creative ideas for designing a conference room.
Calculate the area of a square with the sides of 10cm.
List the countries that are in the Schengen area.
Describe the form and structure of a haiku poem.
Explain how a random forest algorithm achieves higher accuracy than individual decision trees.
Give an example of a place where an endangered species of animal might be found.
Create a pop quiz about clouds.
Explain why trade protectionism can hurt the economy of a country.
Come up with a slogan to describe a new lipstick product.
Describe how a Docker container works.
Propose a transportation solution for a city with rapid population growth.
Identify a potential security threat for a global online financial system.
Describe what it takes to be a successful manager.
Construct a timeline for the coronavirus outbreak.
Compare and contrast two types of computer networks.
Describe how machine learning can be used to automate mundane tasks.
Write a blog post on how to deploy machine learning models.
Generate a list of five elements for a grocery shopping list
Create a dialogue between a customer and a flight attendant for a plane ride
Explain what a decision tree is.
Suggest a good screen capture tool for Mac.
Summarize the main argument of the paper "A Social Network that Influences Attitudes and Behaviors"
Write a Python function that takes two integers and returns their least common multiple.
Generate three different ways to greet the user.
Name one way to start a conversation with someone you don't know.
Compose a poem about a single color.
Write a limerick about a holiday.
Provide a definition of the word "vacillation".
Write a haiku about the ocean.
Name three government positions in the United States.
Describe the character of Romeo from Romeo and Juliet.
Make a list of five items that you need to buy in a grocery store.
Name five societal advantages of the internet.
Describe the similarities and difference between cats and dogs.
Provide an example of how AI can solve a problem.
List five ways to reduce energy consumption.
Name 6 components of an artificial neural network
Generate a list of 5 creative ways to use technology in the classroom.
Describe the process of creating a website from scratch.
Name 3 countries that border France.
Provide 3 practice questions for multiplication
Provide an example of an antonym for the word “happy”
Generate a story about a girl who visits an alien planet.
List five steps for comparing two products.
Evaluate the following expression: (6+2)*(2-2).
Find the temperature of boiling water at sea level.
Outline the events of the following movie: The Great Gatsby.
Calculate the area of a triangle with the following sides: 10, 14, 8.
Outline a strategy for increasing website traffic.
Make a list of four styles of furniture.
List four strategies for teaching children to read.
Compute the derivative of 2x^2 + 5x.
Describe the process of osmosis.
Describe a tool used for debugging a program.
Edit the following sentence to eliminate any grammar errors: They tried to fix the car all day.
Compare and contrast the two pieces of software, Microsoft Word and Google Docs.
Write a humorous joke.
Put together a business plan for a new restaurant.
Devise a strategic plan for a fashion brand to increase its online presence.
Write a definition for the word "meander".
Compare and contrast the 3 most popular sports in the U.S.
Write 3 facts about the Tour de France
Describe the 1981 NBA MVP award ceremony
List 5 different fruit
Rewrite the following sentence: "The candidate is a highly motivated individual"
Name 4 different types of art
What is the history of the Tour de France?
In 50 words or less, describe the type of atmosphere a modern basketball game
What is black box testing and why is it important?
How can we use machine learning to improve sports coaching?
List 5 benefits of playing sports
Describe the impact of the Tour de France on the history of cycling
Shape the following sentence into a question: The Houston Rockets are an American professional basketball team
How can analytics be used in sports?
Write a paragraph describing a sporting event
Fill in the blank with a word or phrase The most successful team in the NBA is the ____
Take two words and create a completely new word by combining them.
Create a short poem using the word "moon".
List five advantages of using solar energy.
Generate an example of a travel destination in your favorite country.
Create an example of a web page.
Suppose that an employer asks for three years of working experience for an advertised job. Explain why the requirement is reasonable.
Explain the meaning of the phrase "actions speak louder than words".
Brainstorm some ideas for a fictional novel.
Describe the benefits of exercise.
Submit a description of a important event in your life.
Create a list of three tips for public speaking.
Generate a correct formula to calculate surface area of a triangle
Compose a tweet about successful teamwork
Calculate the volume of a cylinder with a radius of 10 cm and a height of 5 cm.
Provide an example of the use of the word "tentative".
Write a story about a doctor and his patient
Find the synonym of the word "loathe"
Describe a type of bird
Make a list of the eight planets in our solar system
Generate an analysis of the book To Kill a Mockingbird
What is the chemical formula for water?
Explain the term "impeachment"
Compose a poem about loneliness.
Create a new Twitter profile for a medical doctor.
Suggest an effective marketing strategy for a TV show.
Construct a web address for a book recommendation website.
Explain the purpose of a satellite in two sentences.
Invent a new game involving strategy.
Discuss the most important effects social media has on society.
Describe the difference between plagiarism and copyright infringement.
Hypothesize why Australia has over 140 snake species.
Create a story about a parrot.
Describe the benefits of having a mentor.
List the steps to write a 10-page essay.
Identify a tool that can be used to calculate risk.
Suggest a method to optimize a website’s performance.
Present an argument for why writing a cover letter is important.
Propose a strategy to build an effective landing page.
Explain the differences between a variable and a constant.
Describe the role of a project manager
Come up with a use case for an AI-driven chatbot
Outline the key differences between the Linux and Windows operating systems.
Construct a persuasive argument for why a business should invest in SEO.
Give an example of a miscommunication between two people.
Summarize the ethical implications of using facial recognition technology.
Construct a vocab list for an AI-powered chatbot.
Describe the differences between machine and deep learning
Generate a sentence that uses the word ‘zephyr’
Explain the physics concept of projectile motion.
Write a function to convert Fahrenheit to Celsius
Come up with a name for this new product.
List the most recent five books that Mark Twain wrote.
Write an algorithm to find the minimum element in an array.
Identify the taxonomic classification for humans.
Translate the phrase "I love you" into Spanish.
Write a summary of the book "The Catcher in the Rye".
Create a 5-item shopping list for a healthy breakfast.
What is the formula for calculating the area of a triangle?
Suggest 4 entertaining activities one can do with friends on a weekend.
Construct a sentence using the present tense of the verb "eat".
Generate a list of 10 adjectives that describe the color blue.
Explain the significance of the Battle of Gettysburg.
Delete the 2nd, 4th, and 5th element of the following array: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7].
Name two advantages of using a distributed database.
Describe a situation where a chatbot would be more useful than a human assistant.
Create a dialogue between two colleagues discussing a project they are working on.
Name five countries with the most number of UNESCO World Heritage sites.
Create a recipe for a Creamy Tomato Soup.
Describe the economic system of the United States.
Build a bridge between two islands.
Create a table of ten of the world's wealthiest people.
Tell me about the seasons in the temperate forest biome.
Convert 28 cm to inches.
Predict the weather in Los Angeles tomorrow.
Create a plan for a budget-friendly Thanksgiving meal.
Spell the word "xylophone".
Generate a pseudocode for sorting an array.
Ask the assistant to book a flight from Boston to Miami for June 9th.
Give me a synonym for the word 'love'.
Name two characters in the novel Moby Dick.
Give me a CSS code to make the font size 20px.
Define what a neural network is.
Create a grammar for the phrase "a milkshake".
Generate a short story about a scientist in a lab.
Rewrite the following sentence in a more formal way: "I want to learn about this new app."
Generate a funny joke.
Provide 3 potential solutions to reduce the amount of plastic waste.
Suggest a snack that you can make in under 5 minutes.
Create a mnemonic to remember the eight planets of our solar system.
Write an algorithm to calculate the perimeter of a rectangle.
Design an app interface for a book recommendation system.
Compose a tagline for a mobile game about cooking.
Create a question about the consequences of global warming.
State a mathematical equation that describes the relationship between two variables.
Describe a process of cleaning silverware.
Give a possible explanation for recent declines in pollinator populations.
Create a rule for proper hand-washing technique.
Identify and define the parts of a cell.
Generate a list of five positive attitudes.
Identify what type of sentence this is: My dog is cuddly and cute.
Rewrite the following sentence using a synonym for the word "impact": The impact of the pandemic has been devastating.
Describe the process of thawing frozen food.
Name three famous figures who were contemporaries of Galileo Galilei.
What grade did you get in your English class?
Name two component of a computer system.
Explain how to achieve the American dream in one sentence.
Generate an algorithm for a sorting machine.
Develop a pitch for a new technology product that can measure access to healthcare.
Create a list of tips to help someone who is new to blogging.
Generate a recipe for a healthy breakfast.
Explain the effect that virtual learning has on student performance.
Generate a random password of length 10
Explain the concept of information retrieval.
Describe the concept of natural language processing.
List the names of four social media platforms.
Create a timeline of the key events surrounding the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami.
How do you create a pivot table in Excel?
Identify the time complexity of the Insertion Sort algorithm.
Name five sites located in the Ancient Near East.
Synthesize an argument in support of renewable energy sources.
Develop an algorithm to sort the following numbers: 5, 3, 9, 1.
Describe why you would like to work for this company.
Find a dinosaur species in the Jurassic Period with a name starting with a "T".
Create a non-literal analogy for the process of creating a business.
Give a creative title for an article about the use of AI in travel.
Write a Haiku poem about a sunset.
Write a customer review for a car wash service.
Find the area of a square shape with side length 5 cm.
Write a short story about a visit to a museum.
Describe the sound of a train passing by.
Describe the taste of an apple.
Explain how a relay works.
What is the gravitational potential energy of a 5-kilogram object at height 10 meters?
Compare and contrast water and oil.
Create a logo for a shoe company.
Analyze the popularity of the term 'artificial intelligence' in the last five years
Generate a story about a child's first day of school
Suggest a way to make physical activity a part of your daily routine.
Explain what is foreshadowing.
Come up with 3 tips for writing effective dialogue.
Generate a headline for a news article about the rising cost of healthcare.
Suggest an algorithm to classify musical composition as ‘romantic’ or ‘modern’.
Explain Schrodinger's wave equation.
Construct a database system to store customer records in a car dealership.
Sort the following numbers in ascending order: 12, 26, 83, 19.
Generate a catchy slogan for a new restaurant.
Create a persona for a fictional e-commerce store selling sports equipment.
Write a paragraph describing a meeting between two friends.
Formulate a marketing plan for a new mobile app.
Write a review for a book of your choice.
Design a logo for a child care center.
Create an outline for a presentation about the current state of the world economy.
Make a suggestion for a topic for a persuasive essay.
Explain why it is important to stay hydrated.
Additionally, give me a entertaining story about a conversation with a stranger on a bus.
Create a successful dentist marketing campaign.
If a customer calls and wants to find out their order status, what steps should the customer service representative take?
Describe the features of an effective time management strategy.
Suggest some activities for a family game night.
Describe the characteristics of a successful entrepreneur.
Describe the different stages in the software development lifecycle.
Summarize the book "The Goldfinch" by Donna Tartt
Generate a list of 4 healthy breakfast ideas.
Write a definition for the term "machine learning".
Create a metaphor to explain the concept of artificial intelligence.
What is the scientific definition of metabolism?
Generate 3 marketing ideas to increase engagement on a product's social media account.
Name 3 benefits of using cloud computing.
Create a hashtag for a new marketing campaign.
Generate a list of 3 healthy snacks for children.
Provide a description of the possible benefits of going car-less to a potential customer.
Rewrite this sentence so it’s less verbose: “The supervisor was incapable of overseeing the entire project, so she was relieved of her duties”
Generate 3 blog topic ideas based on the keyword “web automation”
Edit this passage to make it more concise: During the spring season, the temperature tends to be very pleasant, making it a great time of year to go outdoors.
Find out the CEO of IBM
Reverse engineer the following code snippet and explain what is happening in 4 sentences. var x = 3 var y = x + 4
Given this sentence, predict the part of speech of the word “groomed” He groomed the puppy until it was perfectly clean
List 5 things that can be bought at a grocery store
Prepare a meal plan for tomorrow for someone who wants to eat healthy and has a limited budget
Create a headline for an article about the top 5 trends in digital marketing
Generate a research question related to the following topic: How technology is revolutionizing the shopping experience
Disconnect the following internet cable correctly.
Find the minimum value of 132 - 5*3
Generate a 10 word list of descriptive words for loneliness.
Recite a poem about rivers.
Describe the effects of global warming.
Provide a plan to get good sleep each night.
Calculate the cost of 4 apples at $2.50 each.
List five steps for writing an essay.
In this task, you need to write an appropriate response to the phrase "take a break"
Generate a creative activity for a child to do during their summer vacation.
Generate a piece of advice to someone who is feeling unmotivated.
Write a short story in 100 words or less.
What is the meaning of the idiom "A penny saved is a penny earned"?
